SWITCH 0
enable
config terminal
vlan 31
name Diversificado31
exit
int Fa0/1
switchport access vlan 31
exit
int Fa0/2
switchport access vlan 31
exit
int Fa0/3
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/4
switchport mode trunk 
exit
do write 
copy running-config startup-config

SWITCH 1
enable
config terminal
vlan 11
name Primaria11
exit
vlan 21
name Basicos21
exit
vlan 31
name Diversificado31
exit
int Fa0/2
switchport access vlan 11
exit
int Fa0/3
switchport access vlan 21
exit
int Fa0/1
switchport access vlan 31
exit
int Fa0/4
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/5
switchport mode trunk 
exit
do write 
copy running-config startup-config

SWITCH 2
enable
config terminal
vlan 21
name Basicos21
exit
int Fa0/1
switchport access vlan 21
exit
int Fa0/2
switchport access vlan 21
exit
int Fa0/3
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/4
switchport mode trunk 
exit
do write 
copy running-config startup-config


SWITCH 3
enable
config terminal
vlan 11
name Primaria11
exit
int Fa0/1
switchport access vlan 11
exit
int Fa0/2
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/3
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/4
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/5
switchport mode trunk 
exit
do write 
copy running-config startup-config

SWITCH 4
enable
config terminal
vlan 11
name Primaria11
exit
int Fa0/1
switchport access vlan 11
exit
int Fa0/2
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/3
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/4
switchport mode trunk 
exit
int Fa0/5
switchport mode trunk 
exit
do write 
copy running-config startup-config